KEYCLOAK-15291 Revise Server Installation guide to meet Red Hat standards (#1201)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_installation/topics/operating-mode/standalone-ha.adoc

[[_standalone-ha-mode]]

=== Using standalone clustered mode

Standalone clustered operation mode applies when you want to run {project_name} within a cluster.  This mode
requires that you have a copy of the {project_name} distribution on each machine where you want to run a server instance.
This mode can be very easy to deploy initially, but can become quite cumbersome. To make a configuration change

> youhave to modify each distribution on each machine.  For a large cluster, this mode can become time consuming and error prone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have to modify each distribution on each machine.  For a large cluster, this mode can become time consuming and error prone.
```
